# Back to the Basics

Scene: Castle of the War God
Characters:
Ariel: Towering woman in armor with long white hair and bulging muscles. - God of War
Eris: Younger woman with curly hair and no hands. - God of Death

Ariel: Let me get this straight. You want to join forces with the very enemies we're in constant war with to take down our most powerful ally?
Eris: He's not an ally. He's far more dangerous than the Three. 
Ariel: Still, he's content wasting away in his room all day...
Eris: For now. Ariel, we've been through this countless times, if you're not with the council you're against it.
Ariel: I'm hesitant as it would be suicide to try to apprehend him even with the Three.
Eris: No, I'm confident. While head on it'll be difficult, we'll win a battle of attrition. I know him all too well, his mental fortitude is incredibly weak, and his motivation even lower.
Ariel: I'll admit your idea is interesting... What makes you think the Three will even cooperate.
Eris: They will. Think about it, they know we cannot apprehend them without him. With him out of the picture they'll be invincible.
Ariel: Yes, well with him out of the picture they will immediately launch an attack on us.
Eris: That's where the crux of this plan comes in. We'll have him mentor that hero candidate...
Ariel: You don't mean... Oh my, that's quite clever. What are the first steps?
Eris: Don't worry I've assembled the cruelest plan imaginable custom based off of his preferences.
Ariel: How do you even know so much about him...
Eris: *Blushes* This is part of my duty, I need to... Shut up, I won't entertain off-topic questions.

Scene: Cottage on a hill

Ariel: Today we are assembled to wage war. It will be perilous for many of you, but this will guarantee a brighter future for our progeny. Behold, this is our target, the mighty Fortress of Daniel.

Zooms into a small cottage on a hill

David: Uh, with all due respect, is this really the palace of the Demon King?

Ariel: Fool! This is but an illusion.

David. Ah, I see. My apologies. So we should work on uncovering the illusion right?

Ariel: Fool! There is no illusion.

David. Ah, I see. My apologies.

Ariel: Silence

Ariel: I see that you still do not understand.



